in oblivion
at that time it was a very special moment not only for me but
for
louise fellow conscious
this one stop at that moment of Colombian football by
for economic problems
The whole team raised the strike - the team was active in Latin America
and so the man that I love to play the juveniles at that time we taste
eleven players over 100 great changes
percent I think it was something very nice for me and for all my
comrades is a very special moment
even in teguise golf
the pub unforgettable moment not only for us but for
a lot of the Colombian people this
called in history
because we made a good paper
until minute 85 and emulating to 0
zelaya finishing we were traced 0-1 but this time as the famous felicia
between colombia and genting
the colombia plan
and that is that the inter returns to the players a point
very important
mates came through the moment he threw himself to the floor and started to
do express
One mile moratti was immense
patrols to practice it
and then in a match
before the gral emission
they do not stop and finally in Colombia
I made a goal and also offers these departed teammates two and a half years
environment like this
especially this one
gurpegui deleted him close friends first hugo rodallega that passport
something like that and so far
p
the body in the property
who is a playmaker
extreme
Even if I motivated you I will be very dangerous always
It has been treated very well
I've always liked the attack
seward differently and another was shown in the field in some
moments
this is very powerful the boot that I have is important I think that 50
thousand for drivers
making goals and
will be not only two
the Colombian media and not
the leaders of the pce we chose them Colombian
emirato the Colombians who were from mexico and gia do things
important goals are scored
develop does things right I think that
I will have my opportunity
in mind that we have
and take advantage of it and
and keep doing things right only here but
the moment celebrate it because in the selection
that's the most
p
all the attackers the need to be there fighting in the table of
scorers
2 We do our best to make the games bulge out there in some
matches give you the opportunity in some is given but not concrete but
always trying to be there doing things right
well in trying to make goals for this bird
scoring table and
I will continue paying strong is that is my greatest happiness will always be there in
the fight and
of the scoring chart and not only that but
also the team is enough to be in the first important places to
not only for us as players
nor directive but for everything
a whole town like this that supports this institution very much
it was placed at the heart
duvier riascos number 20